Dicipline cousel meeting:
1. Purpose of the meeting: 
To help brother Thai Ba Quang to repent, to feel the peace and to grow in the Church.
Show love, help brother Quang in his relationship with God.
It is not the meeting in a company/group with a worker.
Agenda:
President Tung asked brother Quang to explain 4 things:
Many of the things bought by the Church is sent to brother Quang's personal address.
The security service: is there any lubricate money sent to brother Quang?
Money paid for telephone service: why is it too much?
Money paid for printing is too much.
President Tung encorage Quang to be truthful, honest before showing the evidents. His family shouldn't be evolved in this stuff.

The explaination:
Many of the things bought by the Church is sent to brother Quang's personal address:
At that time, the Church was not officially recognized in Vietnam.
Brother Quang did his job alone, no body helped him in his job. In addition, he did not have much experience.
All the things he bought is granted by people from Hong Kong. And he had the receipts. He only told the truth in the audit process.
When buying things, the shop/seller usually asked him to provide address for customer service. So, he gave his address.

Security service:
There some bad members of the Church told bad things about him. They are supported by others.
Is the any difference between the money paid from the Church and the money the security service actually received? Yes, it's about 5 millions VND. They (the security company) give back to Thai Ba Quang, as a traditional tip in Vietnam. There is no other ammount of money transfered to his account or others account of his family's members.

Telephone service fee:
It is a misunderstanding from the Church or from the telephone company. He has all the receipts for the services. Every month, the fee for telephone service is 8 millions VND.

Printed documents:
Why are so many documents printed? Why are so many receipts for printing?
The documents is transfered/sent to branches. He does not have any tip for that.

At that point: 
President Tung asked him to be honest before showing the evidents. He doest not want his family to be evolved/effected in this work.
President Chiles: As a bussiness man, he knows the employees can be easily tempted to be dishonest. He does not feel the confirmation from the Holy Ghost for what brother Quang has said. Also, he does not see the consistence between the evidents and what brother Quang explained. When hearing the explaination, he does see the repentance or the desire to be better.
President Tung: Show the evidents:
	Receipts for telephone: 3 millions VND per month. (pretty much for the telephone service)
	For the import fund: Too much.
	Security service: There are for transaction, three with cô Gấm's account, brother Quang's mother. The other two go directly to Thai Ba Quang's account.
	Internet fee: Too much. For example: the internet fee for Hai Ba Trung branch is too much.
	
Explaination for the five transaction: he only wants the Church have fun atmosphere. (I do not really understand the explaination)


		
		
	
	